hello and welcome my name is Jimmy
Kimmel I host the talk show in my
kitchen which was previously something
you might hear from someone who's
paranoid and has delusions so I don't
maybe I'm not hosting a show maybe I'm
crazy speaking of crazy we have a big
Lee milestone on the way this weekend
Donald Trump celebrates his birthday
number 74 so break out the ketchup and
cake Trump was born on June 14 1946 when
a pile of soggy cheese fries was struck
by a bolt of orange lightning Trump
supporters in Florida Michigan and
Arkansas or holding events to celebrate
his birth and what better way to honor
the president than by gathering to
contract the very virus whose existence
he denies by the way this is one of
Donald Trump's old birthday party
invitations as a party he had back in
1994 the theme of the party was Trump
Lord of the financial jungle and there
you could see him and Marla maples in
jungle garb this card is amazing for a
lot of reasons but this is 26 years ago
nothing on this card still exists the
body is fake the casino went bankrupt
the marriage ended the hair is gone even
the elephant in the background was shot
and killed by Donald Jr the President
had a busy day of travel today but he
did find time to tweet a lot last night
he tweeted about the Occupy protests in
watching to the states he must have been
watching TV and saw them because he
tweeted radical left governor jay Inslee
and the mayor of Seattle are being
taunted and played at a level that our
great country has never seen before take
back your city now if you don't do it I
will this is not a game these ugly
anarchists must be stooped immediately
move fast and it must be stooped the
mayor of Seattle tweeted to him she said
go back to your bunker oh that bunker
thing must be driving him nuts why he
gets involved in this sort of an issue I
have no idea but he's clearly surrounded
by people who are stooped and the award
for most stupid this week goes to
Trump's chief economic adviser Larry
Kudlow who astonished even the most
hardened among us when he said this I do
I do not I do not
[Music]
I would say it again I do not sir oh one
more question can you name a black
person I just won go ahead I mean that
is so that's so stupid I don't think
even Donald Trump would say it this by
the way is the same guy who said
coronavirus was contained three months
ago so and he's still there reporting
for duty only the best people on the
other side of the coin the side Lincoln
is on NASCAR yesterday announced that
they will no longer allow Confederate
flags at their race events they put out
a statement they said the flag runs
contrary to providing a welcoming and
inclusive environment for our fans and a
lot of their fans didn't like that lots
of tweets you pick the losing side of
this battle good luck with that
I don't know I'm pretty sure the
Confederacy was the losing side of of
the battle but pretty soon we will have
radios in the car playing rap music oh
heavens no but I bet people can fly
their rainbow flags all day yes right
from now on NASCAR is gonna be one big
gay parade by by NASCAR I've been a fan
for 50-plus years stay out of politics
and social issues just race actually
race is exactly what this was about but
this is another one welp just another
sport I won't watch gonna have a lot of
time traveling this beautiful country
fishing and spending time with my
grandchildren I have bad news for you
pal
in ten years your grandchildren will be
describing you as my racist grandpa so
NASCAR now has done more to fight racism
than the White House has but the
president is getting out there tonight
he was pressing the flesh at a
fundraiser in Dallas no masks of course
that is not he's having parties he's
shaking hands Dallas isn't even a safe
place for presidents when there isn't a
virus and he is ending his week at his
golf club in New Jersey spending the
weekend there you see that he's fighting
the pandemic and racism at the same time
by not wearing a mask to his very be
white golf club the president's planning
to hit the road with a series of
campaign rally starting in Tulsa next
week big crowds are expected even
welcomed but anyone who gets a ticket
has to agree in writing not to sue Trump
if they get sick
real you have to click this liability
release to register to go it's like
being pregnant on a roller coaster but
go ahead and take a big swig of bleach
before you come anyway I guess the plan
is to just ignore the virus now and hope
it goes away because yesterday
Republicans announced they are probably
moving their convention to Jacksonville
because North Carolina were supposed to
take place isn't cray-cray enough for
their current level of cray they're not
so interested in safety in Florida what
they're promising is that this will be a
blowout bash to keep America in
Jacksonville with all your favorite most
be over 18 no shirt no shoes no problem
responsible for what happens two weeks
later Florida still the number one place
to die this is good you know every city
obviously is handling this virus in its
own way but the New York City Health
Department got very personal a few
months ago they put out a safer sex fact
sheet with tips on how to do it during
the outbreak and they've just updated
that sheet with more ideas this is real
this is from the city of New York they
recommend that during intercourse you
should wear a face covering or mask okay
fun they suggest that you masturbate
together you know I've tried that it's
not the same since they closed the movie
theaters they tell you to be creative
with sexual positions and physical
barriers like walls that allow sexual
contact while preventing close
face-to-face contact in other words
glory holes New York City is
recommending glory holes to its
citizenry that
tell you to skip sex if you or your
partner are not feeling well most wives
have that one covered and that medical
conditions that could put you at risk
during sex include lung disease moderate
to severe asthma heart disease diabetes
obesity and others so good news from
Melania with that one I guess they even
provided tips for group sex large
gatherings of any type are not safe
during Cova 19 but if you decide to find
a crowd below our tips to reduce your
risk of spreading limit the size of your
guest list keep it intimate yes just
friends and family at the orgy for now
pick larger more open and
well-ventilated spaces like the park or
an outdoor shopping mall wear a face
covering avoid kissing bring an
alcohol-based hand sanitizer can you
imagine rolling into an orgy with little
pump bottle of Purell also everyone at
the orgy from now on in New York will be
required to wear these andrew Cuomo
Underpants which are available now on
Etsy now we have our own expert here on
the show on sex and everything else and
with that said here now from her home in
Las Vegas it's time for a special
quarantine edition of deer and chippy ok
here we are now that my upstairs
neighbors are home all day all they do
is have sex what's something simple I
could yell at them that will make them
stop fire just yell fire I'm sure that
they will stop having sex if they hear
fire what a
Jimmy Dolan's